[gh-24311] Expand on documentation about jobs that are both parameterised and periodic (#24384)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/job-specification/periodic.mdx

  prevents this job from running on the `cron` schedule but prevents force
  launches.

> See the [parameterized] documentation for additional considerations when
> using in conjunction with parameterized options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [parameterized] documentation for how to use parameters with a periodic job.
```

Style guide: use "refer to" instead of "see"; direct language

> 

Reviewer 2: this seems a little buried under these Parameters. maybe move it up under Requirements?

Reviewer: Since this periodic page doesn't talk about parameterized options at all, what about moving this line right before the `# `periodic` Requirements` section?

Author: It is a bit of a corner case, I didn't want to put it in the general description

[cron]: https://github.com/hashicorp/cronexpr#implementation 'List of cron expressions'
[dst]: #daylight-saving-time
[multiregion]: /nomad/docs/job-specification/multiregion#periodic-time-zones

> [parameterized]: /nomad/docs/job-specification/parameterized

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[parameterized]: /nomad/docs/job-specification/parameterized/use-periodic-with-parameterized
```

changed to match the heading suggestion in parameterized.mdx L155
